hey guys today I wanted to do a video on
what my rats eat and they've come out
just for the video because I gave them
some fresh veggies just some carrots
strawberries watermelon and lettuce and
a loved one on so much don't you suck no
Friday no hello yes I'll try to make it
quick I don't have much room on my
camera okay so as you can see I have a
big um like a plastic container filled
with her food which hello which makes it
look like a lot more than it is it
probably could be as much as it looks I
don't know I will find out okay so very
not all the time
I haven't had them in a long time but I
put in these little red lentils yeah
they like them they haven't they don't
get them a lot because I'm actually sure
how good they are for them but no one in
my family was eating them so I was like
well I seem like something a rat could
eat so I put them in the food and they
go I think that back in there hammock
these are puffed corn if you can see
it's not buttered or salt or anything
it's literally just like puffed corn
from don't know where it's from and yeah
they also rarely get this because I
think this is a bit fatty so that's kind
of just like a treat oh yes a whole
grain corn 100% yeah so that's also kind
of a treat most most of these are just a
treat
these they've never had we found them in
the cupboard and we were going through
and
I guess I just recruit for life never
had any of this before just dried goji
berries no preservatives laden she'll go
in on our antioxidants and yeah so they
probably get many of those because I
still don't know how good they are for
them but they'd be like a treat he'll
had these either because we found them
but they're pretty much just almonds and
cranberries that are roasted in little
boxes kind of like sultanas but nuts so
they'll be a treat we'll test them out
later this is one of them use Lee's
which they also haven't tried yet but I
know that they like measly it's five
grains and it's got dried fruit in it
and it's from heritage mill Australia
yeah the music is good for them
especially when it's got the dried fruit
because they love drag fruit they
usually don't actually eat the music and
just eat the dried fruit but dried fruit
is really expensive that we can find so
we don't buy them just plain dried fruit
these are Cheerios I think and they also
get these as a kind of treat in their
food and they love them so much they eat
them all before they eat anything else
and I think it's just it's honey
it's got its honey on it it's honey
cheerios so it's not that bad
let's see this is there other measly
it's just from Coles its original
toaster it's almost empty it's got bits
of dried coconut in it and they adore
that so I'm gonna buy the more that I'm
running out of room walnuts we have a
few packets of these because my mum and
brother always say I'll eat them but
they don't so I just give them to the
rats yeah they love these so I give them
to them occasionally but not too often
because they are fatty but they're like
their favourite seem pretty much
let's see pine nuts okay pine nuts my
friend showed me these because her rats
used to love them and they are very
fatty so they're kind of like a treat
that I give them by hand but when I get
lazy like
I don't know very very rarely I sprinkle
a couple in their food and yeah I never
find them again so they love pine nuts
they're really good if you're going to
train your outs but I'm not I'm not
really good training routes I just yeah
these are pretty simple they're just
nuts I've used all the walnuts I just
crack them open a little bit and give
them to the rats and they have fun
opening them and playing with them they
have an empty shell in there if you can
see and they've got a walnut in their
food bowl I don't know if you can tell
I'm running out of room these are it's
almost empty but they need a little
cocktail a little hard I don't even know
they're made out I just chunks of hard
stuff and they're just come in little
like prisms and my rat's adore them and
I'm guessing they're good for their
teeth
coals or bullied and it's called
foragers feast from Peters and it's full
of a little it's a little bits and
pieces like it's got little kind of
choose it's got seeds it's got a couple
of bits of like dried banana and stuff
it's got corn yes it's pretty much just
like that drop saying that okay dried
cranberries they also get these as a
treat but they love them so they go very
quickly pumpkin seeds these are from I
was so natural I guess I don't really
know I'm not good with bread and yes and
my camera stopped for a second these are
also another treat a lot of these just
treats but yeah they mostly just get the
healthy food these are fun fun to open
for the kind of hard school so you're
there entertaining for your apps this is
their main diet in their food it's just
a massive bag of rat and mouse mix which
is just like dried grass seeds corn
sometimes seeds and a couple little
pellets I get this from a discount pet
shop that's mostly what's in there
and then I sprinkle in a few some extra
sunflower seeds and easily and here with
the sultanas you stopped coconut but I
used all the coconut because I love it
and yes so every day basically they get
this with this and one of them use
leaves and then they get a little
sprinkle of this and then I'll choose
one of their treat foods to put in I
haven't I'm not feeling them today
because I showed them like two days ago
and it's still there and they got their
fresh fruit they get new fruit every day
fruit and veggies yesterday they had
yoghurt so thanks for watching and I
hope it helped you choose what to feed
your rats